doc/source/advancedgameplay/sleeves.rst, before:

.. _gameplay_sleeves:

Sleeves
=======
When VitaLife unveiled their Persona Core technology that allowed people to digitize
and transfer their consciousness into other vessels, human bodies became nothing more
than 'sleeves' for the human consciousness. This technology thus became known as
"Sleeve technology".

Sleeve technology unlocks two different gameplay features:

* Duplicate Sleeves
* Re-sleeving

Sleeve technology is unlocked in :ref:`BitNode-10 <gameplay_bitnodes>`.

.. _gameplay_duplicatesleeves:

Duplicate Sleeves
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Duplicate Sleeves are MK-V Synthoids (synthetic androids) into which your consciuosness
has been copied. In other words, these Synthoids contain a perfect duplicate of your mind.

Duplicate Sleeves are essentially clones which you can use to perform work-type actions,
such as working for a company/faction or committing a crime. When sleeves perform these tasks,
they will earn money, experience, and reputation.

Sleeves are their own individuals, which means they each have their own experience and stats.

When a sleeve earns experience, it earns experience for itself, the player's
original consciousness, as well as all of the player's other sleeves.

Duplicate Sleeves are **not** reset when installing Augmentations, but they are reset
when switching BitNodes.

Obtaining Duplicate Sleeves
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There are two methods of obtaining Duplicate Sleeves:

1. Destroy BitNode-10. Each completion give you one additional Duplicate Sleeve
2. Purchase Duplicate Sleeves from :ref:`the faction The Covenant <gameplay_factions>`.
   This is only available in BitNodes-10 and above, and is only available after defeating
   BitNode-10 at least once. Sleeves purchased this way are **permanent** (they persist
   through BitNodes). You can purchase up to 5 Duplicate Sleeves from The Covenant.

Synchronization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Synchronization is a measure of how aligned your consciousness is with that of your
Duplicate Sleeves. It is a numeral value between 1 and 100, and it affects how much experience
is earned when the sleeve is performing a task.

Let N be the sleeve's synchronization. When the sleeve earns experience by performing
a task, both the sleeve and the player's original host consciousness of N% of the
amount of experience normally earned by the task. All of the player's other sleeves
earn ((N/100)^2 * 100)% of the experience.

Synchronization can be increased by assigning sleeves to the 'Synchronize' task.

Sleeve Shock
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sleeve shock is a measure of how much trauma the sleeve has due to being placed in a new
body. It is a numeral value between 0 and 99, where 99 indicates full shock and 0 indicates
no shock. Shock affects the amount of experience earned by the sleeve.

Sleeve shock slowly decreases over time. You can further increase the rate at which
it decreases by assigning sleeves to the 'Shock Recovery' task.

Augmentations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You can purchase :ref:`Augmentations <gameplay_augmentations>` for your Duplicate
Sleeves. In order to do this, the Sleeve's Shock must be at 0. Any Augmentation
that is currently available to you through a faction is also available for your
Duplicate Sleeves. There are a few Augmentations, such as NeuroFlux Governor and
Bladeburner-specific ones, that cannot be purchased for a Duplicate Sleeve.

When you purchase an Augmentation for a Duplicate Sleeve, it is instantly installed.
When this happens, the Sleeve's stats are instantly reset back to 0, similar to
when you normally install Augmentations.

The cost of purchasing an Augmentation for a Duplicate Sleeve is **not** affected
by how many Augmentations you have purchased for yourself, and vice versa.

Re-sleeving
^^^^^^^^^^^
Re-sleeving is the process of digitizing and transferring your consciousness into a
new human body, or "sleeve". When you re-sleeve into a new body, your stat experience
and Augmentations get replaced with those of the new body.

In order to re-sleeve, you must purchase new bodies. This can be done at VitaLife in
New Tokyo. Once you purchase a body to re-sleeve into, the effects will take
place immediately.

Note that resleeving **REMOVES** all of your currently-installed Augmentations,
and replaces them with the ones provided by the purchased sleeve. However,
Augmentations that are purchased but not installed will **not** be removed. If you have purchased
an Augmentation and then re-sleeve into a body which already has that Augmentation,
it will be removed since you cannot have duplicate Augmentations.

Commit message:

Initial v0.46.0 changes - Fixed BN9 bugs. Rebalanced BN11 and Corporations. Added memory to Dup sleeves. Various bug fixes

doc/source/advancedgameplay/sleeves.rst, after:

.. _gameplay_sleeves:

Sleeves
=======
When VitaLife unveiled their Persona Core technology that allowed people to digitize
and transfer their consciousness into other vessels, human bodies became nothing more
than 'sleeves' for the human consciousness. This technology thus became known as
"Sleeve technology".

Sleeve technology unlocks two different gameplay features:

* Duplicate Sleeves
* Re-sleeving

Sleeve technology is unlocked in :ref:`BitNode-10 <gameplay_bitnodes>`.

.. _gameplay_duplicatesleeves:

Duplicate Sleeves
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Duplicate Sleeves are MK-V Synthoids (synthetic androids) into which your consciuosness
has been copied. In other words, these Synthoids contain a perfect duplicate of your mind.

Duplicate Sleeves are essentially clones which you can use to perform work-type actions,
such as working for a company/faction or committing a crime. When sleeves perform these tasks,
they will earn money, experience, and reputation.

Sleeves are their own individuals, which means they each have their own experience and stats.

When a sleeve earns experience, it earns experience for itself, the player's
original consciousness, as well as all of the player's other sleeves.

Duplicate Sleeves are **not** reset when installing Augmentations, but they are reset
when switching BitNodes.

Obtaining Duplicate Sleeves
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There are two methods of obtaining Duplicate Sleeves:

1. Destroy BitNode-10. Each completion give you one additional Duplicate Sleeve
2. Purchase Duplicate Sleeves from :ref:`the faction The Covenant <gameplay_factions>`.
   This is only available in BitNodes-10 and above, and is only available after defeating
   BitNode-10 at least once. Sleeves purchased this way are **permanent** (they persist
   through BitNodes). You can purchase up to 5 Duplicate Sleeves from The Covenant.

Synchronization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Synchronization is a measure of how aligned your consciousness is with that of your
Duplicate Sleeves. It is a numeral value between 1 and 100, and it affects how much experience
is earned when the sleeve is performing a task.

Let N be the sleeve's synchronization. When the sleeve earns experience by performing
a task, both the sleeve and the player's original host consciousness of N% of the
amount of experience normally earned by the task. All of the player's other sleeves
earn ((N/100)^2 * 100)% of the experience.

Synchronization can be increased by assigning sleeves to the 'Synchronize' task.

Sleeve Shock
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sleeve shock is a measure of how much trauma the sleeve has due to being placed in a new
body. It is a numeral value between 0 and 99, where 99 indicates full shock and 0 indicates
no shock. Shock affects the amount of experience earned by the sleeve.

Sleeve shock slowly decreases over time. You can further increase the rate at which
it decreases by assigning sleeves to the 'Shock Recovery' task.

Augmentations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You can purchase :ref:`Augmentations <gameplay_augmentations>` for your Duplicate
Sleeves. In order to do this, the Sleeve's Shock must be at 0. Any Augmentation
that is currently available to you through a faction is also available for your
Duplicate Sleeves. There are a few Augmentations, such as NeuroFlux Governor and
Bladeburner-specific ones, that cannot be purchased for a Duplicate Sleeve.

When you purchase an Augmentation for a Duplicate Sleeve, it is instantly installed.
When this happens, the Sleeve's stats are instantly reset back to 0, similar to
when you normally install Augmentations.

The cost of purchasing an Augmentation for a Duplicate Sleeve is **not** affected
by how many Augmentations you have purchased for yourself, and vice versa.

Memory
~~~~~~
Sleeve memory dictates what a sleeve's synchronization will be when its reset by
switching BitNodes. For example, if a sleeve has a memory of 10, then when you
switch BitNodes its synchronization will initially be set to 10, rather than 1.

Memory can only be increased by purchasing upgrades from The Covenant.
It is a persistent stat, meaning it never gets reset back to 1.
The maximum possible value for a sleeve's memory is 100.

Re-sleeving
^^^^^^^^^^^
Re-sleeving is the process of digitizing and transferring your consciousness into a
new human body, or "sleeve". When you re-sleeve into a new body, your stat experience
and Augmentations get replaced with those of the new body.

In order to re-sleeve, you must purchase new bodies. This can be done at VitaLife in
New Tokyo. Once you purchase a body to re-sleeve into, the effects will take
place immediately.

Note that resleeving **REMOVES** all of your currently-installed Augmentations,
and replaces them with the ones provided by the purchased sleeve. However,
Augmentations that are purchased but not installed will **not** be removed. If you have purchased
an Augmentation and then re-sleeve into a body which already has that Augmentation,
it will be removed since you cannot have duplicate Augmentations.
