README.md, before:

# netburner
Netburner Idle Game

TESTING TODO:

	If a server has no more money available it cannot be hacked anymore
		Should work automatically...because your money gained percentage will be multiplied by 0
		
	Adjust leveling formula. Goes up way too high at first
		http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/55151/rpg-logarithmic-leveling-formula
		- might be too slow now? 
    
   
Tasks TODO:
    Adding augmentations for Silhouette fac
    Factions Info page isn't formatted correctly
    
    Augmentations that decrease time to make programs
    
    New server hostname in Purchase Server Pop-up Box needs limits..don't think the ones set in HTML work
    
	Secret Servers
	
	Hack time formula needs rebalancing I think, so does hack exp formula
	
    Create new menu page for purchased servers
    
	Account for Max possible int when gaining exp (it will overflow)
	
	OPTIMIZATION
		https://gamealchemist.wordpress.com/2013/05/01/lets-get-those-javascript-arrays-to-work-fast/
        
        
        
Private beta feedback
    I'd suggest putting a "Back" button in the tutorial 
    window,

test for open beta

but for people who have no clue about coding etc. how about, later in the game, let them buy full scripts? 
should make it more easy for the average user

but the 50% penalty for not working 8 hours is a bit harsh

Commit message:

Updated README with some TODOs for the future

README.md, after:

# netburner
Netburner Idle Game

TESTING TODO:

	If a server has no more money available it cannot be hacked anymore
		Should work automatically...because your money gained percentage will be multiplied by 0
		
	Adjust leveling formula. Goes up way too high at first
		http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/55151/rpg-logarithmic-leveling-formula
		- might be too slow now? 
    
   
Tasks TODO:
    Adding augmentations for Silhouette fac
        
    New server hostname in Purchase Server Pop-up Box needs limits..don't think the ones set in HTML work
    
	Secret Servers
		
    Create new menu page for purchased servers
    
	Account for Max possible int when gaining exp (it will overflow)
	
	OPTIMIZATION
		https://gamealchemist.wordpress.com/2013/05/01/lets-get-those-javascript-arrays-to-work-fast/
        
    Every time you hack a server its "difficulty" variable goes up a small amount, like 0.005 maybe. 
    You can weaken() a server to get the security back down
    
    Add a few more servers maybe? Every 25 levels after 50?
    

        
Private beta feedback
    I'd suggest putting a "Back" button in the tutorial 
    window,

test for open beta

but for people who have no clue about coding etc. how about, later in the game, let them buy full scripts? 
should make it more easy for the average user

but the 50% penalty for not working 8 hours is a bit harsh


    btw
make nano more like nano
not some kind of weird gui based editor
