markdown/bitburner.hacknet.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [bitburner](./bitburner.md) &gt; [Hacknet](./bitburner.hacknet.md)

## Hacknet interface

Hacknet API

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface Hacknet 
```

## Remarks

Not all these functions are immediately available.

## Methods

|  Method | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [getCacheUpgradeCost(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.getcacheupgradecost.md) | Calculate the cost of upgrading hacknet node cache. |
|  [getCoreUpgradeCost(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.getcoreupgradecost.md) | Calculate the cost of upgrading hacknet node cores. |
|  [getHashUpgradeLevel(upgName)](./bitburner.hacknet.gethashupgradelevel.md) | Get the level of a hash upgrade. |
|  [getLevelUpgradeCost(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.getlevelupgradecost.md) | Calculate the cost of upgrading hacknet node levels. |
|  [getNodeStats(index)](./bitburner.hacknet.getnodestats.md) | Get the stats of a hacknet node. |
|  [getPurchaseNodeCost()](./bitburner.hacknet.getpurchasenodecost.md) | Get the price of the next hacknet node. |
|  [getRamUpgradeCost(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.getramupgradecost.md) | Calculate the cost of upgrading hacknet node RAM. |
|  [getStudyMult()](./bitburner.hacknet.getstudymult.md) | Get the multipler to study. |
|  [getTrainingMult()](./bitburner.hacknet.gettrainingmult.md) | Get the multipler to training. |
|  [hashCapacity()](./bitburner.hacknet.hashcapacity.md) | Get the maximum number of hashes you can store. |
|  [hashCost(upgName)](./bitburner.hacknet.hashcost.md) | Get the cost of a hash upgrade. |
|  [maxNumNodes()](./bitburner.hacknet.maxnumnodes.md) | Get the maximum number of hacknet nodes. |
|  [numHashes()](./bitburner.hacknet.numhashes.md) | Get the total number of hashes stored. |
|  [numNodes()](./bitburner.hacknet.numnodes.md) | Get the number of hacknet nodes you own. |
|  [purchaseNode()](./bitburner.hacknet.purchasenode.md) | Purchase a new hacknet node. |
|  [spendHashes(upgName, upgTarget)](./bitburner.hacknet.spendhashes.md) | Purchase a hash upgrade. |
|  [upgradeCache(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.upgradecache.md) | Upgrade the cache of a hacknet node. |
|  [upgradeCore(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.upgradecore.md) | Upgrade the core of a hacknet node. |
|  [upgradeLevel(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.upgradelevel.md) | Upgrade the level of a hacknet node. |
|  [upgradeRam(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.upgraderam.md) | Upgrade the RAM of a hacknet node. |

Commit message:

Fix #1863: Add getHashUpgrades hacknet function
Adds a new functions ofr hacknet servers that returns the list of
available hash upgrades.

markdown/bitburner.hacknet.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [bitburner](./bitburner.md) &gt; [Hacknet](./bitburner.hacknet.md)

## Hacknet interface

Hacknet API

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface Hacknet 
```

## Remarks

Not all these functions are immediately available.

## Methods

|  Method | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [getCacheUpgradeCost(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.getcacheupgradecost.md) | Calculate the cost of upgrading hacknet node cache. |
|  [getCoreUpgradeCost(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.getcoreupgradecost.md) | Calculate the cost of upgrading hacknet node cores. |
|  [getHashUpgradeLevel(upgName)](./bitburner.hacknet.gethashupgradelevel.md) | Get the level of a hash upgrade. |
|  [getHashUpgrades()](./bitburner.hacknet.gethashupgrades.md) | Get the list of hash upgrades |
|  [getLevelUpgradeCost(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.getlevelupgradecost.md) | Calculate the cost of upgrading hacknet node levels. |
|  [getNodeStats(index)](./bitburner.hacknet.getnodestats.md) | Get the stats of a hacknet node. |
|  [getPurchaseNodeCost()](./bitburner.hacknet.getpurchasenodecost.md) | Get the price of the next hacknet node. |
|  [getRamUpgradeCost(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.getramupgradecost.md) | Calculate the cost of upgrading hacknet node RAM. |
|  [getStudyMult()](./bitburner.hacknet.getstudymult.md) | Get the multipler to study. |
|  [getTrainingMult()](./bitburner.hacknet.gettrainingmult.md) | Get the multipler to training. |
|  [hashCapacity()](./bitburner.hacknet.hashcapacity.md) | Get the maximum number of hashes you can store. |
|  [hashCost(upgName)](./bitburner.hacknet.hashcost.md) | Get the cost of a hash upgrade. |
|  [maxNumNodes()](./bitburner.hacknet.maxnumnodes.md) | Get the maximum number of hacknet nodes. |
|  [numHashes()](./bitburner.hacknet.numhashes.md) | Get the total number of hashes stored. |
|  [numNodes()](./bitburner.hacknet.numnodes.md) | Get the number of hacknet nodes you own. |
|  [purchaseNode()](./bitburner.hacknet.purchasenode.md) | Purchase a new hacknet node. |
|  [spendHashes(upgName, upgTarget)](./bitburner.hacknet.spendhashes.md) | Purchase a hash upgrade. |
|  [upgradeCache(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.upgradecache.md) | Upgrade the cache of a hacknet node. |
|  [upgradeCore(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.upgradecore.md) | Upgrade the core of a hacknet node. |
|  [upgradeLevel(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.upgradelevel.md) | Upgrade the level of a hacknet node. |
|  [upgradeRam(index, n)](./bitburner.hacknet.upgraderam.md) | Upgrade the RAM of a hacknet node. |
