doc/source/basicgameplay/factions.rst, before:

.. _gameplay_factions:

Factions
========
Throughout the game you may receive invitations from factions. There are
many different factions, and each faction has different criteria for
determining its potential members. Joining a faction and furthering
its cause is crucial to progressing in the game and unlocking endgame
content.

It is possible to join multiple factions if you receive invitations from
them. However, note that joining a faction may prevent you from joining
other rival factions. (Don't worry, this usually isn't the case. Also,
it would only be temporary since resetting the game by installing
:ref:`gameplay_augmentations` will clear all your factions)

The 'Factions' link on the menu brings up a list of all factions that
you have joined. You can select a Faction on this list to go to that
Faction page. This page displays general information about the Faction
and also lets you perform work for the faction. Working for a Faction
is similar to working for a company except that you don't get paid a
salary. You will only earn reputation in your Faction and train your
stats. Also, cancelling work early when working for a Faction does
**not** result in reduced reputation earnings.

Earning reputation for a Faction unlocks powerful Augmentations.
Purchasing and installing these Augmentations will upgrade your
abilities. The Augmentations that are available to unlock vary
from faction to faction.

List of Factions and their Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Early Game          | Faction Name   | Requirements                            | Joining this Faction prevents |
|  Factions           |                |                                         | you from joining:             |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | CyberSec       | * Hack CSEC Manually                    |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Tian Di Hui    | * $1m                                   |                               |
|                     |                | * Hacking Level 50                      |                               |
|                     |                | * Be in Chongqing, New Tokyo, or Ishima |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Netburners     | * Hacking Level 80                      |                               |
|                     |                | * Total Hacknet Levels of 100           |                               |
|                     |                | * Total Hacknet RAM of 8                |                               |
|                     |                | * Total Hacknet Cores of 4              |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| City Factions       | Sector-12      | * Be in Sector-12                       | * Chongqing                   |
|                     |                | * $15m                                  | * New Tokyo                   |
|                     |                |                                         | * Ishima                      |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Chongqing      | * Be in Chongqing                       | * Sector-12                   |
|                     |                | * $20m                                  | * Aevum                       |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | New Tokyo      | * Be in New Tokyo                       | * Sector-12                   |
|                     |                | * $20m                                  | * Aevum                       |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Ishima         | * Be in Ishima                          | * Sector-12                   |
|                     |                | * $30m                                  | * Aevum                       |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Aevum          | * Be in Aevum                           | * Chongqing                   |
|                     |                | * $40m                                  | * New Tokyo                   |
|                     |                |                                         | * Ishima                      |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Volhaven       | * Be in Volhaven                        | * Sector-12                   |
|                     |                | * $50m                                  | * Aevum                       |
|                     |                |                                         | * Chongqing                   |
|                     |                |                                         | * New Tokyo                   |
|                     |                |                                         | * Ishima                      |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Hacking             | NiteSec        | * Hack avmnite-02h manually             |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | The Black Hand | * Hack I.I.I.I manually                 |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Bitrunners     | * Hack run4theh111z manually            |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Megacorporations    | ECorp          | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     |                |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | MegaCorp       | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     |                |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | KuaiGong       | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | International  |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Four Sigma     | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     |                |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | NWO            | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     |                |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Blade          | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Industries     |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | OmniTek        | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Incorporated   |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Bachman &      | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Associates     |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Clarke         | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Incorporated   |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Fulcrum Secret | * Have 250k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Technologies   |   the Corporation                       |                               |
|                     |                | * Hack fulcrumassets manually           |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Criminal            | Slum Snakes    | * All Combat Stats of 30                |                               |
| Organizations       |                | * -9 Karma                              |                               |
|                     |                | * $1m                                   |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Tetrads        | * Be in Chongqing, New Tokyo, or Ishima |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 75                |                               |
|                     |                | * -18 Karma                             |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Silhouette     | * CTO, CFO, or CEO of a company         |                               |
|                     |                | * $15m                                  |                               |
|                     |                | * -22 Karma                             |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Speakers for   | * Hacking Level 100                     |                               |
|                     | the Dead       | * All Combat Stats of 300               |                               |
|                     |                | * 30 People Killed                      |                               |
|                     |                | * -45 Karma                             |                               |
|                     |                | * Not working for CIA or NSA            |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | The Dark Army  | * Hacking Level 300                     |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 300               |                               |
|                     |                | * Be in Chongqing                       |                               |
|                     |                | * 5 People Killed                       |                               |
|                     |                | * -45 Karma                             |                               |
|                     |                | * Not working for CIA or NSA            |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | The Syndicate  | * Hacking Level 200                     |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 200               |                               |
|                     |                | * Be in Aevum or Sector-12              |                               |
|                     |                | * $10m                                  |                               |
|                     |                | * -90 Karma                             |                               |
|                     |                | * Not working for CIA or NSA            |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Endgame             | The Covenant   | * 20 Augmentations                      |                               |
| Factions            |                | * $75b                                  |                               |
|                     |                | * Hacking Level of 850                  |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 850               |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Daedalus       | * 30 Augmentations                      |                               |
|                     |                | * $100b                                 |                               |
|                     |                | * Hacking Level of 2500 OR All Combat   |                               |
|                     |                |   Stats of 1500                         |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Illuminati     | * 30 Augmentations                      |                               |
|                     |                | * $150b                                 |                               |
|                     |                | * Hacking Level of 1500                 |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 1200              |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+

Commit message:

Update documentation for new backdoor command
Modified references to manual hack as it isn't for factions anymore

doc/source/basicgameplay/factions.rst, after:

.. _gameplay_factions:

Factions
========
Throughout the game you may receive invitations from factions. There are
many different factions, and each faction has different criteria for
determining its potential members. Joining a faction and furthering
its cause is crucial to progressing in the game and unlocking endgame
content.

It is possible to join multiple factions if you receive invitations from
them. However, note that joining a faction may prevent you from joining
other rival factions. (Don't worry, this usually isn't the case. Also,
it would only be temporary since resetting the game by installing
:ref:`gameplay_augmentations` will clear all your factions)

The 'Factions' link on the menu brings up a list of all factions that
you have joined. You can select a Faction on this list to go to that
Faction page. This page displays general information about the Faction
and also lets you perform work for the faction. Working for a Faction
is similar to working for a company except that you don't get paid a
salary. You will only earn reputation in your Faction and train your
stats. Also, cancelling work early when working for a Faction does
**not** result in reduced reputation earnings.

Earning reputation for a Faction unlocks powerful Augmentations.
Purchasing and installing these Augmentations will upgrade your
abilities. The Augmentations that are available to unlock vary
from faction to faction.

List of Factions and their Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Early Game          | Faction Name   | Requirements                            | Joining this Faction prevents |
|  Factions           |                |                                         | you from joining:             |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | CyberSec       | * Install a backdoor on the CSEC server |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Tian Di Hui    | * $1m                                   |                               |
|                     |                | * Hacking Level 50                      |                               |
|                     |                | * Be in Chongqing, New Tokyo, or Ishima |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Netburners     | * Hacking Level 80                      |                               |
|                     |                | * Total Hacknet Levels of 100           |                               |
|                     |                | * Total Hacknet RAM of 8                |                               |
|                     |                | * Total Hacknet Cores of 4              |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| City Factions       | Sector-12      | * Be in Sector-12                       | * Chongqing                   |
|                     |                | * $15m                                  | * New Tokyo                   |
|                     |                |                                         | * Ishima                      |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Chongqing      | * Be in Chongqing                       | * Sector-12                   |
|                     |                | * $20m                                  | * Aevum                       |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | New Tokyo      | * Be in New Tokyo                       | * Sector-12                   |
|                     |                | * $20m                                  | * Aevum                       |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Ishima         | * Be in Ishima                          | * Sector-12                   |
|                     |                | * $30m                                  | * Aevum                       |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Aevum          | * Be in Aevum                           | * Chongqing                   |
|                     |                | * $40m                                  | * New Tokyo                   |
|                     |                |                                         | * Ishima                      |
|                     |                |                                         | * Volhaven                    |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Volhaven       | * Be in Volhaven                        | * Sector-12                   |
|                     |                | * $50m                                  | * Aevum                       |
|                     |                |                                         | * Chongqing                   |
|                     |                |                                         | * New Tokyo                   |
|                     |                |                                         | * Ishima                      |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Hacking             | NiteSec        | * Install a backdoor on the avmnite-02h |                               |
| Groups              |                |   server                                |                               |
|                     |                | * Home Computer RAM of at least 32GB    |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | The Black Hand | * Install a backdoor on the I.I.I.I     |                               |
|                     |                |   server                                |                               |
|                     |                | * Home Computer RAM of at least 64GB    |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Bitrunners     | * Install a backdoor on the run4theh111z|                               |
|                     |                |   server                                |                               |
|                     |                | * Home Computer RAM of at least 128GB   |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Megacorporations    | ECorp          | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     |                |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | MegaCorp       | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     |                |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | KuaiGong       | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | International  |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Four Sigma     | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     |                |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | NWO            | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     |                |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Blade          | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Industries     |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | OmniTek        | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Incorporated   |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Bachman &      | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Associates     |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Clarke         | * Have 200k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Incorporated   |   the Corporation                       |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Fulcrum Secret | * Have 250k reputation with             |                               |
|                     | Technologies   |   the Corporation                       |                               |
|                     |                | * Install a backdoor on the             |                               |
|                     |                |   fulcrumassets server                  |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Criminal            | Slum Snakes    | * All Combat Stats of 30                |                               |
| Organizations       |                | * -9 Karma                              |                               |
|                     |                | * $1m                                   |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Tetrads        | * Be in Chongqing, New Tokyo, or Ishima |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 75                |                               |
|                     |                | * -18 Karma                             |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Silhouette     | * CTO, CFO, or CEO of a company         |                               |
|                     |                | * $15m                                  |                               |
|                     |                | * -22 Karma                             |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Speakers for   | * Hacking Level 100                     |                               |
|                     | the Dead       | * All Combat Stats of 300               |                               |
|                     |                | * 30 People Killed                      |                               |
|                     |                | * -45 Karma                             |                               |
|                     |                | * Not working for CIA or NSA            |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | The Dark Army  | * Hacking Level 300                     |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 300               |                               |
|                     |                | * Be in Chongqing                       |                               |
|                     |                | * 5 People Killed                       |                               |
|                     |                | * -45 Karma                             |                               |
|                     |                | * Not working for CIA or NSA            |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | The Syndicate  | * Hacking Level 200                     |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 200               |                               |
|                     |                | * Be in Aevum or Sector-12              |                               |
|                     |                | * $10m                                  |                               |
|                     |                | * -90 Karma                             |                               |
|                     |                | * Not working for CIA or NSA            |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Endgame             | The Covenant   | * 20 Augmentations                      |                               |
| Factions            |                | * $75b                                  |                               |
|                     |                | * Hacking Level of 850                  |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 850               |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Daedalus       | * 30 Augmentations                      |                               |
|                     |                | * $100b                                 |                               |
|                     |                | * Hacking Level of 2500 OR All Combat   |                               |
|                     |                |   Stats of 1500                         |                               |
+                     +----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
|                     | Illuminati     | * 30 Augmentations                      |                               |
|                     |                | * $150b                                 |                               |
|                     |                | * Hacking Level of 1500                 |                               |
|                     |                | * All Combat Stats of 1200              |                               |
+---------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
